[analyzer] Add more examples to analyzer --config option (#2793)
Ericsson/codechecker: docs/analyzer/user_guide.md

CodeChecker analyze compilation.json -o ./reports --config ./codechecker.json
```
then the analyzer parameters from the `codechecker.json` file will be emplaced
as command line arguments:
```sh
CodeChecker analyze compilation.json -o ./reports --enable=core.DivideZero --enable=core.CallAndMessage --analyzer-config clangsa:unroll-loops=true --checker-config clang-tidy:google-readability-function-size.StatementThreshold=100 --report-hash context-free-v2 --verbose debug --clean
```

> Note: option which requires parameters has to be in the following formats:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Options which require parameters have to be in either of the following formats:
```
